new install and setup page (#8415)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/install-and-setup.mdx

---
title: Install and set up Astro

> description: 'How to install and Astro and start working in a new project'

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'How to install Astro and start working in a new project.'
```

  />
    <LinkCard
    title="Add view transitions"
    description="Create seamless page transitions and animations."
    href="/en/guides/view-transitions/"
  />
  <LinkCard
    title="Learn about Islands"
    description="Read about Astro's island architecture."
    href="/en/concepts/islands/"
  />
</CardGrid>

### Configure your dev environment

<CardGrid>
  <LinkCard
    title="Editor Setup"
    description="Customize your code editor to improve the Astro developer experience and unlock new features."
    href="/en/editor-setup/"
  />
   <LinkCard
    title="TypeScript"
    description="Configure Astro's built-in TypeScript support to be as strict or relaxed as you like!"
    href="/en/guides/typescript/"
  />
  <LinkCard
    title="Import Aliases"
    description="Create convenient shortcuts for your file imports."
    href="/en/guides/aliases/"
  />
  <LinkCard
    title="Environment Variables"
    description="Set and use environment variables in your project."
    href="/en/guides/environment-variables/"
  />
    <LinkCard
    title="Dev Toolbar"
    description="Explore the helpful features of the dev toolbar."
    href="/en/guides/dev-toolbar/"
  />

>  

Author: ```suggestion
```
